c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\BulkRename.exe.config
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\BulkRename.exe
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\BulkRename.pdb
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.g.resources
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.exe
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.pdb
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\FilterEditWindow.baml
c:\users\allan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\FilterEditWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.MessageBoxFactory.dll
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.MessageBoxFactory.pdb
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.Dialogs.dll
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.Dialogs.pdb
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\BulkRename.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\BulkRename.application
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\obj\Debug\BulkRename.application
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.MVVM.dll
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.MVVM.pdb
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.ResourceDictionaries.dll
C:\Users\Allan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BulkRename\BulkRename\bin\Debug\Innouvous.Utils.ResourceDictionaries.pdb
